Dude, you know what?
I've been getting a bunch of texts and and people telling me how Kuda this is.
A lot of times people don't understand what real Kuda is.
They just call people Kuda because they don't know what the term is. We,
we coined the term Kuda here. It's from Barracuda. And you're a Kuda.
If you do something, just because you see it and someone else maybe says,
it's a good idea. And you're like, what's that? Oh, cool. I'll do it.
Like a Barracuda sees a diamond bracelet and then looks at it and says,
what's that Coachella number one, a thing here is a super Kuda.
Okay. By the way, was the timer here?
I don't even see how long we want to right there. Okay. Um,
these people there's like an,
a climbing Mount Everest is like at an all time high.
And it's because of Instagram because they want to get this picture at the
summit. At the top of the mountain. And people are dying.
Didn't 11 people die this year. 11 people died this year too many.
And it looks like a traffic jam.
It looks like it would be in a like fish market in China.
Like how long the line is for people trying to get up to this summit, dude,
it was like a zoo. This person says death on an unruly overcrowded Everest.
This picture, a long line of climbers waiting to summit,
Mount Everest on May 22nd, dude, this is a nightmare.
I don't want to be in Hawaii and align like this.
And they're on a mountain on a high one. They can't breathe.
Their lips are chapped. They're in North face gear.
At least they're keeping warm in their North face gear.
But dude, they've got packs on their backs, the grandparents on the barracks.
And then they're like getting their cameras like these asses with their cameras.
Ready? Just almost dying.
Look at this. Hi mom. Love you.
And that was the last note. Her mom, his mom, her mom ever seen you.
Can't tell if it's a man or a woman because he's covered up so much because it's
way too cold. And if he takes anything off or she takes anything off,
she'll she, he will immediately get frostbite.
And died.
Let's go up a little bit. There was just a quote, a little bit more there.
I was not prepared to see sick climbers being dragged down the mountain by
Sherpas or surreal or the surreal experience of finding dead bodies. He said,
well really? Hey, I've got it. I've got it. Hey dude. That's crazy, man. Well,
you know what? You're a bonafide idiot.
You didn't expect to see sick people or dead bodies at the top of Mount
Everest. Well, dude, this Justin do-do dude,
you're a bonehead moron.
[inaudible] this just in your, a bone head.
You didn't expect to see dead bodies where there are dead bodies
hat.
Why.
Can't do a drive by here? Cause you're on the top of Mount Everest.
But this
hat, uh, climbed by hat.
People with photos or, I mean.
I don't know, whatever it is,
people always want the picture.
People sometimes want pictures of me. They don't even know who I am.
They just saw somebody take a picture of me. They're like, can I get a picture?
I go like this. Who am I? And they go like this ruin entourage.
And I go, I go real slowly.
Oh, picture for a year.
To this theme of gangstas paradise. What if I was that much of a lunatic?
I got to get there, dude. I swear to God. I got to get there.
That's my dream to be like a guy that just,
I wish I didn't like part of me wishes. I didn't have a conscious,
conscious conscience conscience.
I was up like on my opener conscience. If somebody goes like this,
can I have a picture? Who am I? Oh, I don't know your name,
but I think I saw you on Netflix and I just go.
Oh
[inaudible] then, then, then, then, then, then.
Then,
and I just keep doing that until they get so weird and awkward and walk away.
So that's how it's going to be
throw right. And one wildfires face didn't mean to that.
That's the way the cookie crumbles. And I'm very sorry, but you know, I threw,
I meant to throw it at the, uh,
camera went right in one fire's face.
And now let me tell you something also what's super annoying. You know,
when people go, how about dude,
when you were like in high school or some or not even high school,
but you throw, uh, uh, uh, uh,
trash away and you try to make it in the bin. And then they go like this. Wow.
And you played basketball and you play basketball and you miss.
Why don't you play basketball? It's nothing like it. Okay. Case closed.
That's it. And I'm not talking about that anymore.
And we're not doing that anymore. Nobody does it. You're a straight up.
If you do that, if somebody tries to throw some away and they go see,
they isn't like, wow, you'd be able, terrible basketball player or Oh, you go,
Oh, you play basketball. Well, that's the weird,
you couldn't even make that yo case close. We're not talking about it anymore.
We're not doing that. And I'm not. I'm done talking about it. That's it?
Case closed.
There's rules, my babies. And if you don't think there's rules,
you're part of the problem.
I just need to get this caught.
I need to get this coat going and I need to get this log cabin going.
I need builders. I need carpenters. And I need weed whackers.
That's for starters, I need people to go down and whack the weeds,
find the place where we're going to put it builders to do it in carpenters to
lay the down. And then after that, I'm going to need some food people.
And you know, some and suckers dude,
because we got a bus nuts when we're at the log cabin.
Don't you understand don't you understand
let's play a little bit of that song.
This is what we do, baby. Is that even how it goes?
It's probably so different. I thought I remembered it.
It's probably so different.
Wow. So nineties.
Nineties.
There it is.
[inaudible] wow.
She dreams in digital. Anyway,
thanks 4g for that song in the law, in the world.
And so this girl is digital.
She's a fake chick that somebody just creates and she's called
lo McKayla. It sounds like could be a SoundCloud rapper.
Um.
Anyway,
this chick is a fake girl that somebody created and
it has the same amount of followers as I have the, dude,
I work hard. I tour the country.
I come out with content and this chick is just fake with a fake
hat and people follow her. Look at this.
She's the, by a pool, in a bathing suit with a hat, holding the hat.
And she says, I have so many things I'm supposed to be doing right now,
but I'm not doing any of it. And wishing I was sitting at this pool instead. No,
Hey, you don't have anything you're supposed to be doing.
You're not real.
And somebody wrote rule breaker.
She's not a rule breaker, dude.
She doesn't, she doesn't
break or follow rules. You know why she
[inaudible].
[Inaudible]. That's why dude. That's why. That's why she's not fricking rules.
I mean, dude, here's a, let me look at some of our other posts, by the way,
can't find it. Can't find it, beyond all belief.
Can't find it. Can't find it.
Oh dude. Where is it?
What is her name? Oh, I went to cause that's because I went out of it.
Little McKayla. Ah, there we go. Little.
Kayla.
Instagram clicking on it.
Here's the things here. Let's just go to the last one
for my cover shoot with yeah. You don't know. Nobody shot.
Here's another one.
Think I'm ready to let my hair down again. Maybe.
You know what,
what dude?
No.
Don't even know what to say to this. Honestly, Lou, this one here,
things to celebrate the house. Passing equality act. Okay. Well that's fine,
but you're you're still fake.
So here's one where she there's another digital thing of
what's that hub hub had B D did Bella Hadid or
B what the is her name? Whatever I am here. This is my truth.
She writes and she's with Bella Hadid or whatever her name is.
And somebody writes you're a lesbian. I'm shook.
What? No.
Let me just look at this person's profile. Who says you're a lesbian I'm shook.
She's not a lesbian. No. Why not? Purse?
She's.
Digital dude. How is she a lesbian? When she drained?
[Inaudible].
[Inaudible] lesbian. There's so many things that you would lift their hand and.